Allow annotations from current app CRs (#30)
giantswarm/resource: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Allowing annotations from current app CR to remain if config have those. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow annotations from current app CR to remain if config has these. 
```
